update wording for huggingface README (#3677)
kserve/kserve: python/huggingfaceserver/README.md

          cpu: 100m
          memory: 2Gi
```

> 3. Serve the llama2 model using huggingface vllm runtime. For the llama2 model, vllm is supported and used as the default model. If available for a model, vllm is set as the default runtime. Note - Model need to be supported by vllm otherwise KServe python runtime will be used as a failsafe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Serve the llama2 model using huggingface vLLM runtime. For the llama2 model, vLLM is supported and used as the default model. If available for a model, vLLM is set as the default runtime. Note - Model needs to be backed by vLLM otherwise KServe python runtime will be used as a failsafe.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we use "backend" instead of "model" when referring to vLLM?
